<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
       "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<title>Health</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../acdocs.css" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
	<div class="centerContent">
		<div class="docTopBanner" />
	</div>

	<div class="docPageTitle">Health</div>

	<div class="docSectionContent">
		Each entity in the system has an associated health state. Admin
		Console determines health based on the following reasons:
		<ul>
			<li>An error log entry (received through the Distributed
				Logger).</li>

			<li>A warning log entry (received through the Distributed
				Logger).</li>

			<li>Requested versus offered Quality of Service.</li>

			<li>The configured value for each transport&apos;s
				message_size_max field.</li>

			<li>The use of standard and non-standard transport IDs.</li>

			<li>Whether or not there are matching partitions.</li>

			<li>If the DataWriter and DataReader of a given Topic both
				consider the Topic keyed or not.</li>

			<li>If the data types associated with a Topic are compatible.</li>

			<li>If a Topic has only DataWriters or only DataReaders.</li>
		</ul>
		You can adjust the severity of any of these reasons on the <a
			href="preferences.xhtml#health">preferences</a> page.
	</div>

	<div class="docSectionContent">Each of above reasons can degrade
		the health of a system entity to either a warning or error state. The
		severity of each reason can be adjusted in the preferences to any of
		the three health states (healthy, warning, or error).</div>

	<div class="docSectionContent">Health is inherited from contained
		entities. System health is comprised of the health of all of the
		hosts. Host health is comprised of the health of services/processes
		running on that host. Therefore, if a service/process changes from
		Healthy to Error, the health of the host and system will also change
		to Error.</div>

	<div class="docSectionContent">It is important to note that
		health is assumed to be healthy unless detected to be otherwise.</div>

</body>
</html>
